new "checked for vulnerabilities" entry (#5435)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Vulnerability-Processing.md

- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Performance](#performance)
- [Detection pipeline](#detection-pipeline)

> - [What Fleet checks for vulnerabilites](#what-fleet-checks-for-vulnerabilites)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Coverage](#coverage)
```

Since we updated the new section's title to "Coverage," I think we'll need to update this link to "Coverage."

In addition, I think we can move the new "Coverage" section up so that it is the second section on the page (Following "What to expect"). This means, that the coverage link would move below the "What to expect" link.

This is because we expect that the user visiting this page is primarily attempting to achieve the goal of understanding the vulnerability coverage Fleet offers.

detected vulnerabilities cannot be used in the same way you would use an osquery query (e.g. you wouldn't
be able write a query to retrieve all CVEs).

## Coverage

> Currently, Fleet detects vulnerabilities for installed software that falls into the following categories (types):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet attempts to detect vulnerabilities for installed software that falls into the following categories (types):
```

### Apps
- macOS
- Windows

### Browser plugins
- macOS, Windows, Linux
  - Chrome extensions
  - Firefox extensions

### Packages
- macOS
  - Python

>   - All software installed using Homebrew

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Packages installed using Homebrew
```

>   - All software installed using Homebrew

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Packages installed using Homebrew
```

- Windows
  - Python
  - Atom
  - Packages installed using Chocolatey

- Linux
  - deb
  - RPM
  - Atom
  - Python

>   - Packages installed using APT (Debian)

Reviewer 2: This is the same as `deb`.

Reviewer: The only reason "Packages installed using YUM (Red Hat)" is in here is because we thought the query Fleet runs to collect software includes the `apt_sources` table. This is not the case.

Reviewer 2: `apt_sources` lists the repositories APT uses, not the packages.

>   - Packages installed using APT (Debian)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - All software installed using APT (Debian)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Packages installed using APT (Debian)
```

  - Packages installed using Portage (Gentoo)

>   - Packages installed using YUM (Red Hat)

Reviewer 2: This is the same as `RPM`.

Reviewer: @chiiph great catch. 

The only reason "Packages installed using YUM (Red Hat)" is in here is because we thought the query Fleet runs to collect software includes the `yum_sources` table. This is not the case.

Reviewer 2: `yum_sources` iiuc lists the respositories, not the packages.

>   - Packages installed using YUM (Red Hat)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - All software installed using APT (Debian)
>   - All software installed using Portage (Gentoo)
>   - All software installed using YUM (Red Hat)
>   - All software installed using NPM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Packages installed using APT (Debian)
  - Packages installed using Portage (Gentoo)
  - Packages installed using YUM (Red Hat)
  - Packages installed using NPM
```
```suggestion
  - All software installed using APT (Debian)
  - All software installed using Portage (Gentoo)
  - All software installed using YUM (Red Hat)
  - All software installed using NPM
```

- CentOS 6, 7 and 8.

> ## Coverage

Reviewer: Same as my suggestion above. I think we can move the new "Coverage" section up so that it is the second section of the docs (following "What to expect"). What do you think?

Author: I like this idea, changes should have been addressed in the latest revision.

- CentOS 6, 7 and 8.

> ## What Fleet checks for vulnerabilites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Coverage
```

What do you think about calling this section something like "Coverage" ? This way, these docs clearly answer the following question: As a Fleet user, what I can rely on Fleet for in terms of coverage ?

The goal we're trying to achieve with these doc updates is the following (taken from #4928):
> As a Fleet user, I want to understand what installed software Fleet collects so that I know what I can rely on Fleet for in terms of coverage when comparing Fleet to other vulnerability management tools.

Currently, Fleet detects vulnerabilities for installed software that falls into the following categories (types):

### Apps
- macOS
- Windows

### Browser plugins
- macOS, Windows, Linux
  - Chrome extensions
  - Firefox extensions

### Packages
- macOS
  - Python
  - All software installed using Homebrew

- Windows
  - Python
  - Atom
  - All software installed using Chocolatey

- Linux
  - deb
  - RPM
  - Atom
  - Python
  - All software installed using APT (Debian)
  - All software installed using Portage (Gentoo)
  - All software installed using YUM (Red Hat)
  - All software installed using NPM

> Fleet collects this software by running a software collection osquery query on all hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet collects this software by running one of the following osquery queries on all hosts.
```

I suggest shortening this sentence for clarity. 

Also, it seems that by adding this section we may be able to de-duplicate the following section of the same page: https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/5435/files#diff-646de0b00b525c7087eaae2cc821c3b65e8747ea692c450e11b8b2fcf42215d4R126-R130

I think, in the section I link to above, we can replace the list of queries with a link to this new section. 

This means, the section I link to above becomes something like "The ingestion of software varies per platform. For each platform we run an [osquery query](link to your new section) to ingest software."
